[Music]
you've just woken up chained to a table
and forced to play a death game
but when each player must vote to
execute son before time runs out
what do you do everyone here is hiding a
dark secret
and once the truth is revealed you'll
have a hard time choosing who should die
first
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do and how to beat
the death game
in judge
[Music]
everyone here deserves to die seven
people have just woken up to find
themselves chained to a table with
animal masks on their heads
and they're all about to play a death
game panicking they all try to break
free
but can't escape their restraints this
man tries to remove his mask
but quickly realizes it's locked into
his head and in 17 minutes
somebody is going to be executed rabid
mask here notices that they're being
watched and they all have a camera in
the middle of their foreheads
the group is terrified and nobody knows
who anybody else is
but the man in the fox mask is
disturbingly calm by the end of the
death game
this guy is going to kill more people
than anyone else in the room
that's when dog here finds a bruise on
his chest and the man recognizes it as a
stun gun bird
hearing this the girl in the lion mask
remembers how she was taken from her
villa and although she never saw
the person's face she has a stun gun
burn just like the men in the dog mask
okay this is not your typical death game
it's already clear that we're going to
be competing to stay alive somehow but
even if we don't know the rules of the
game yet
i know one thing for sure we are all
wearing animal masks to make us appear
less human to the other players
this is a terrifying idea because the
less human we appear the more willing
everyone is to hurt or kill us
nobody can see each other's expressions
of fear or sadness
and that removes empathy from the
equation so this death game is perfectly
staged for the most cold-blooded
decision making you can imagine and that
makes it all the more dangerous
now the other crucial detail about this
game is that there are cameras
absolutely
everywhere the only reason you would
have this many cameras is if we were
being watched for someone's
entertainment
i would think of this as a virtual
gladiators arena where if you're fun to
watch
then maybe you won't be killed off
quickly but if you're boring or
unlikable then you'll be disposed of
whoever is watching us wants to see
something messed up so this is a game
where being as evil as possible might
put us ahead but first we have to find
out what the game is and what its rules
are before we can exploit them
suddenly these screens on the table
switch on showing the uncovered faces of
everyone in the room but nobody knows
which face
belongs to which person dog ear taps one
of the pictures
and an electronic voice begins to tell
them that the man of the photo is an
unemployed shut-in
he became so violent and abusive to his
mother that she decided her life wasn't
worth living and that man
is someone in this room everyone is
disgusted by this dark secret
and they don't know who it is but that's
when bear mask here stands up in a panic
he questions how anyone can trust this
information and the group begin to
suspect that it's him
trying to change the subject he reaches
over to tap another picture on someone
else's screen
but nothing happens the screens only
work for those who they're assigned to
cheating is out of the question and the
only chance they have to escape
is to find out what the rules of the
death game are all of a sudden they hear
an alarm and see a help notification
flash on the screen
pressing on it they're finally told the
rules of the game rule number one
they all must vote to decide who has
committed the worst sin
rule number two whoever gets the most
votes is going to be executed on the
spot
rule number three the person who makes
it to the final round will be set free
the final rule is that everyone must
vote before time runs out but they only
have 11 minutes remaining to decide
who should be the first to die okay
beating your mother until she doesn't
want to live is horrible
and we all want to see him punished but
voting to kill him for it could
seriously backfire
this game will soon reveal the worst
thing you've ever done in your life
so if we are cold-hearted about killing
others we won't get any sympathy when
our sins are revealed
and that's dangerous i would first try
to convince them that it's in our mutual
interest to not listen to any of the
sins because everyone in the room has
done something terrible
none of us want anyone to hear the worst
thing we've ever done because it makes
it easier to vote for our deaths
by getting everyone to refuse the
information we remove a convincing
reason to kill each of us and it levels
the playing field
now this completely opens the doorways
for death game strategy because whatever
they learn about you from this point
forward can be a complete fabrication
we need to make people like us so they
don't vote to have us killed and if we
don't reveal the sins they'll have no
external source of information to judge
you on
other than your actions in this room and
it gives us more freedom to control the
game
pig here claims she's never committed
any crime and that she doesn't deserve
to be here but with the clock ticking
down
they all begin to discuss who they
should kill rabbit mass cures suggests
that the man should die for causing his
mother's death and everyone around the
table considers her suggestion
realizing he'll die if he doesn't
convince them the man confesses that he
did beat his mom but his abusive father
was even worse and
since he was raised in a broken home
none of this should be considered his
fault
wolf mask here is tired of his excuses
and just wants the truth but that's when
he shows his true colors
throwing a tantrum the man of the bear
mask screams in the group
admitting that his mom died because of
his abuse and that she deserved it
because she was a bad mother okay bear
mask is making some terrible decisions
even though his sin was revealed first
he still had a way to control the
situation with only one sin revealed
they have to make a judgment based on
your word versus the computer
and there's no way to confirm the
information if he reacted like a calm
and rational person
by simply telling them that this
information is false and has been made
up by the death game to manipulate them
into killing him it might be enough for
the players to doubt the information on
the screen
and second guess their decision to kill
you instead he started acting out an
anger into a tantrum
and that makes it easy to believe that
he beat his mother now by his reaction
alone
he's given everyone enough reason to
vote for his execution so we need to
figure out how to manipulate all of
these players to make sure that they
don't vote for you even after they learn
what you've done to deserve it
if i were bear mask the most obvious
solution is to play everyone else's sins
because it will make it harder for them
to judge if the worst thing they've ever
done is out in the open
since everyone has their own screen
nobody would be able to stop you from
tapping
every single profile and revealing their
sin as long as there's enough time on
the clock to listen to them
the only problem with this strategy is
that as soon as you play everyone else's
sin
they will all know that the information
is true which confirms that bear really
did beat his mother
and caused her death so the strategy
should only be used as a last resort if
we can't convince them that this
information
is a lie with only three minutes left to
make a decision the woman in the rabbit
mask
tries to convince everyone to vote for
the bear to die first but the wolf here
has a clever idea
he proposes that they should all vote
for themselves and that way
no one will be executed because everyone
will receive one vote and it will be a
tie
the man in the dog mask argues that they
have no clue if this will even work
but the lion points out it's the safest
play to make with this man's life
hanging in the balance and less than 30
seconds remaining all the players cast
their votes
the kid in the wolf mask chooses himself
and as the countdown hits zero
all the players are nervous to find out
which of them will get killed
the results are almost unanimous five
people chose to execute bear mask
and only one person voted for himself
realizing he's about to die the game
triggers a mechanic sound coming from
his handcuffs
he desperately tries to take it off but
it's too late his head stabs back and he
falls to the ground becoming the first
of seven people executed for his sins
everyone starts to panic and try to
break out of their restraints
suddenly the timer resets itself and now
they have 20 minutes to execute another
player and you'll be surprised when you
find out who they pick next and the
terrible thing they did to deserve it
okay things just got real bear mask has
died for his sins
and we killed him but this is what makes
this game so dangerous
every single player here has the
ultimate weapon against you which is
their vote but this can be taken
advantage of if we play our cards right
the only way anyone can decide to
execute you is by using their screens
and tapping on your picture but if they
weren't
able to use them then they wouldn't be
able to vote at all
according to rule number four of this
death game everyone must vote so if we
could prevent any of these players from
being able to use their screens it might
eliminate them from the game
everyone here is locked to the table but
these chains are still long enough to
reach your neighbor's monitor i would
take my chair and bash it against the
next player's screen to break it
and kick away their chairs so that they
can't retaliate then i would encourage
the others to do the same to the player
next to them
this will create absolute chaos and it
would all be to your benefit
because the more screens that are broken
the more players are eliminated without
being able to vote against you
the most likely outcome from this is
that the fox can overpower the pig and
break her screen
and the dog will break the rabbit screen
but what's interesting here is that wolf
was the only person to vote for himself
which makes him more likely that he
would hesitate to break someone else's
monitor because his strategy
is to keep everyone alive now lying here
voted to execute the bear when the wolf
did it which tells me
she would be willing to kick away his
chair and break his screen if she was
fast enough
in a best case scenario we could
eliminate three players at once and
since everyone is playing for their
lives it wouldn't be hard to convince
the strongest and fastest in the group
that this was the best way to guarantee
they survive into the next round
wolfmask looks under his handcuffs and
finds six metal strands have been
inserted
into his wrist there's no way to remove
them and mind mask is so overwhelmed
with fear that she collapses to the
floor
the man bends down to ask what's wrong
and she tells him to get her medication
reaching into her pocket he takes out a
pill and feeds it to the woman through
her mask
okay this guy has a great opportunity
here to eliminate another player
the fact that the death game let this
girl keep these pills tells me she needs
them to stay alive
otherwise they wouldn't have been given
to her nobody else in this room was
allowed to keep
any of their personal items and the
rabbit mentioned that even her contact
lenses were taken
so these pills must be really important
for her to keep playing the game
what i would do is take the pills away
and tell her i would only give them back
if she promises to vote for who i say
it's definitely not a nice thing to do
but in a death game you have to take
every opportunity that presents itself
if you want to stay alive
now we can only pull this off if none of
the other players know that i'm holding
her pills hostage
but i would still tried because wolf and
lion here are on the edge of the table
and nobody can see what they're doing if
we make her an offer she can't refuse
and do it quietly enough so the others
can't hear we can now control two votes
instead of one
wolf here confronts the others and
accuses them of murdering bear mask with
their votes but they refuse to accept
any blame for the man's death
getting tired of the accusations dog
decides to tap on the wolf's picture
next to find out what secret he's hiding
the electronic voice announces that
wolfmask was a bodyguard who abused his
power
and beat someone to death while he was
on the job the others call him out for
being a hypocrite but wolfmask defends
his actions as self-defense
dog here selects three different
portraits dogmas became the president of
his company but he was so jealous of his
co-workers that he lied
and cheated to put himself on top with
no consideration of the cost
or whose lives he would destroy pig mask
here was working as a volunteer and was
secretly stealing food from refugees
she put her desire to eat over starving
families and that makes her one
mean little piggy rabbit mask was a
hostess of a gentleman's club
she slept with several of her customers
for money but destroyed her own marriage
and lost her family in the process
she placed her selfish desires over
everyone that needed her and that puts
her on this list
but what no one here realizes is that
finding out rabbit masks story gives us
the perfect tool to get her on her side
we need to seduce her manscape.com is
the global brand for men's grooming and
hygiene products
they offer the best tools and liquid
formulations for the big three odor
zones your body
butt and balls and after sweating these
masks all day
we're going to need some good grooming
and odor management to make our
seduction plan work
their performance package 4.0 includes a
lawnmower 4.0
waterproof electric trimmer with led
lights wireless charging and advanced
skin safe technology which reduces nicks
and cuts on the most sensitive regions
of the body as well as the crop
preserver ball deodorant crop reviver
ball toner spray and the weed whacker
nose and ear hair trimmer
gentlemen these products are a whole new
ball game you can't go wrong giving your
b-hole some tender loving care and for a
limited time
you get all this plus two free gifts the
shed travel bag and the manscaped
anti-chafing boxer briefs
go to manscape.com how to be today and
get 20
off plus free international shipping
when you use promo code how to beat at
checkout
thank you to manskate for sponsoring
this video wolfmasker begs them to do
the right thing and vote for themselves
so nobody has to die and with two
minutes remaining
lion mask suddenly recovers from her
anxiety attack and offers to join wolf
in voting for herself
she presses her portrait on the screen
to cast her vote and waits for the
others to make their decision
the countdown reaches zero and it's time
to find out which of them will die
next okay this is an interesting
solution here
having everyone vote for themselves is
going to make it so that there are no
winners
and no losers and the genius part of
this strategy is that it doesn't break
any of the rules
the game states that whoever makes it to
the final round will be set free
but it doesn't say that there can only
be one winner this
is an elegant solution to beating this
death game but it also presents a
terrible problem
this room is full of crooked people who
can't be trusted and when everyone is
scared for their lives it's going to be
impossible to get everyone to vote for
themselves
it's important to realize that if you
vote for yourself all it takes is for
one person
to break the agreement and vote for you
instead and with two votes it will be
enough to get you killed
if we can't escape then there's no
choice but to play the game the way it
was designed and that means we need to
influence their votes but we can't do
that
unless we understand how they think now
we have reason to believe that these
animal masks have meaning or else they
would all be the exact same
if i were the game designer i would have
given them all dead mouse and donnie
darko heads for my own amusement but
whoever set this up went out of his way
to select
seven separate animals they must have
been chosen to represent their
personalities and
seven is not an accidental number either
this connects perfectly to the seven
deadly sins in catholicism and if we're
the only ones in the game to realize the
significance of this
we can figure out how they think and all
we need to do is look at their masks
a fox is both sly and a scavenger so we
might be able to assume that this man is
greedy and scavenges off of others
he's an opportunist and it tells us how
to negotiate with him
as long as our interests are aligned we
should be able to rely on him to help
take down everyone else but he'll
definitely stab you in the back once it
suits him
dogs are desperate for attention which
means he's most likely here for envy
i would try to make him feel important
by asking his opinion on what we should
do if he feels respected he will be less
likely to vote for my execution
lions are symbols of bravery so the lion
mask probably represents pride
lines in real life by the way are
actually lazy as hell but it's not
possible that the line represents sloth
in this game because the bear mask who
died earlier was lazy and
bears hibernate so he must have been
sloth by using the masks to figure out
what each of their personality flaws are
we should have more success in
manipulating them without anyone
noticing
the longer we hide from conflict and
tell them what they want to hear they
will vote for each other's deaths
if we appear neutral and anonymously
vote for others to be executed we won't
appear to be a threat to anyone
and it's much harder to kill somebody
that you like they all look at their
screens to find that each person
only received one vote and wolff here is
certain they're all going to survive
this time
the group is relief but pig here is
furious she demands to know who voted
for her and they all began to realize
that the pig did not vote for herself
she gets into a fight with a dog and it
becomes clear that while everyone else
voted for themselves pig and dog both
voted for each other and are only alive
by sheer luck
the countdown timer resets and they have
five minutes less than they did before
but that's when line here discovers that
her mask
has been unlocked and they can all
finally take them off setting themselves
free the players all get to see
everyone's faces directly for the first
time but this girl here looks familiar
to them
curious to learn more about her someone
taps her picture and an electronic voice
reveals her secret
lion here is a model that became too
popular for her own good and couldn't
handle being the center of public
attention
but when she viciously lashed out at her
fans and critics posting horrible
insults the public was so offended that
she got cancelled by the media rabbit
here makes fun of the model for being
easily triggered but the pig sympathizes
and tries to strike a deal
saying that she will not vote against
her if she agrees to choose the dog to
be executed for the next judgment
okay pig here has taken this game into
dangerous territory because she's
starting to bargain with other people's
lives
but there's a lot of risk involved by
using this strategy if we aggressively
pressure people to execute
other players we'll draw too much
attention to ourselves and that makes it
more likely that we will be voted
against
later we have to be very careful how we
team up because on our own we have a one
in seven chance of dying but by forming
into teams that risk is much higher
because the votes become more targeted
now there's one exception to this
problem and this is the one time in the
whole game that you could team up to
kill someone without worrying about it
coming back to bite you in the ass
the previous round showed us that
everyone was willing to vote for
themselves except for these two
this tells me it would be easy to
convince everyone else in the group to
vote for pig or dog here because they
can't be trusted to cooperate
since nobody died in the last round the
game has demonstrated that it's possible
to survive
if we work as a group but the plan won't
work without total cooperation
i would propose for all of us to vote
for both pig and dog's execution and it
lets me gang up with others to eliminate
two other players without making me
sound threatening or vindictive
i don't have to worry about getting
negative attention or votes in the next
round and we can all vote for ourselves
through the rest of the game and nobody
else will have to die
the fox insists they all need to vote
for themselves but the pig refuses and
decides it's time to learn about who
this man is and what terrible things
he's done to be here
she taps his portrait and they find out
he was a life coach for the mentally
unstable and
got rich taking advantage of them making
over 500 million yen from his scheme
they're all disgusted by his secret and
as the clock runs down
they all cast their votes the results
come in and they're all shocked to find
out that the pig and the dog will be
executed next
they desperately try to escape from
their handcuffs but it's too late
dog hear jolts in pain and falls to the
ground dead as the woman collapses to
the floor
that's now three players down and four
remaining lying here demands to know why
the others didn't vote for themselves
and fox tells them that he believes the
only way out is to play for your
self-interest and not as a group
a notification suddenly appears on their
screens and when the girl taps it
all their chains drop to the floor and
they've entered the next stage of the
game
searching the room they all begin
looking for a way out and wolf here
inspects one of the dead bodies lion
tells him she will vote to kill someone
in the next round and he thanks her for
being honest but this girl is a lot more
evil than she seems
soon she's going to have the perfect
chance to sell them all out and nobody
realizes she's about to become the most
dangerous player in the game
okay this is a major upgrade because now
we have a lot more options for how to
play this game
until now we were chained to the desk
and our only options were to manipulate
others and
influence how they voted being free to
walk around the room gives us the
ability
to find ways to take control of our
environment as well the first thing i
would do is locate every single camera
and try to block its vision
so far the game's audience has been able
to see everything we do
and if we take that away it ruins the
game for them now this could be
incredibly risky because they might
decide to kill all of us and kidnap new
players but to me
it's still worth trying with four
players left there's no guarantee that
we're going to win and we need to start
taking control of whatever we can
to force the game to react to us instead
of us reacting only to the game
ruining the game forces the game's
audience to decide to either warn us
kill us or intervene and two out of
three of those options have a higher
chance of survival than voting to
execute three more players
if the game designers decide to
intervene it might bring someone into
the room and that gives us a chance to
escape
now the next thing i would do is inspect
the dead bodies because there's
something we could learn from them
i would first try to find out more about
these handcuffs and how deep these pins
go into the wrist by pulling them out of
the corpse's arm
if we see that the metal might be
charred then we can deduce that they
were killed by electric shock
if this is the case then there might be
a way to short circuit the mechanism so
that it can't be triggered
the dead bodies allow us to safely
tamper with the handcuffs without
accidentally killing ourselves
foxer finds an automated door and can't
open it but wolf here has a plan
pulling on these cables connected to a
circuit box he rips one off and the
power cuts out
left in the dark he takes out a light
source from one of the animal masks and
they work
together to pry the door open walking
out to explore the group finds another
locked door at the end of the hall
and they try to get someone's attention
by knocking on it but no one
answers fox brings over a tool box and
the wolf takes a power drill trying to
bore a hole through the lock but the
drill bit breaks off
as rabbit and fox walk back into the
main room a light turns on and all the
screens come to life
the power has been restored and they've
only got eight more minutes left before
they have to cast another vote
that's when the automatic door starts to
close the players try to hold it open
but they're not strong enough to stop it
wolf and lion are trapped outside with
no way back in and if they can't get it
open
in seven minutes they're both going to
die rabbit taunts them through the door
that they won't survive and lion starts
to panic
she knows they have no chance of getting
back in but wolf here has an idea that
might just save her life
taking the flashlight camera he picks up
a blade and slowly begins to saw away at
her handcuff
okay this is really scary wolf and lion
here can't get back in
and if they don't vote they might be
executed by the game
this is perfect for rabbit and fox
because they can both vote for the
others to die and they won't be able to
do anything about it
now ironically if this happened the game
would actually get a lot harder
if the game ends in two people it will
be a permanent stalemate because there's
no chance that with only two people left
in the game
someone would vote for themselves
they'll continue to vote the same every
round and the game will go nowhere
this makes it highly likely that they
will introduce a new rule in the final
round and since the clock gives them
less time after every round we will have
very little time to consider how to
strategize if a new rule
is introduced into the game to prevent
this situation from happening we need to
find a way to end this game in a single
round and kill
three people at once and luckily for fox
here there's a great way to do that
when they were out in the hallway the
group found a toolbox with a steel
wrench inside
i would have taken the tools with me
into the other room and use this wrench
to shatter
every single voting screen except for my
own since we saw
earlier that another person's screen
cannot be used by another player to vote
on
this would make it only possible for one
player to vote in the next round
and since 1 the rule states that every
player must vote
they would likely all be executed with
two players stuck outside in the hallway
this is even easier to pull off because
there's only one person to try and stop
you and rabbit here doesn't have the
physical strength to prevent it from
happening
fox realizes that if one of them takes
off the handcuffs they'll be the winner
and he will still have to vote
thinking quickly he tampers with the
power box and opens the door to let them
both in
with 15 seconds left wolfe and lyon walk
back to the table to cast their votes
the results come in and rabbit has been
chosen to be executed
shocked the woman begs for mercy but
dies and becomes the fourth victim of
the death game and now there are only
three players left
the timer resets and they now have five
minutes left to vote for another
execution
wolfe here tries to figure out who voted
for rabbit and realizes it was lying and
fox
he asks her why she voted to kill her
and she claims she didn't but when the
man walks over to her screen he finds a
bloody fingerprint over rabbit's
portrait
lion lied to him and broke his trust the
girl defends her decision
saying that the rabbit was going to vote
for her and if she voted for herself she
would be dead
realizing she's right wolf suddenly
takes the saw and continues to cut at
her restraints
he finally cuts through the cuffs and
line is relieved that she's free from
the game
fox here takes the saw and begins
cutting at his own restraint but that's
when lion shows her true colors
she asked them what would happen if she
voted for one of them now that her
handcuff is removed and it shocks them
both
okay lying here is not as innocent as
she seems
she voted to kill both the bear and the
rabbit and she might decide to vote
again
this is bad for us because now she won't
have to worry about retaliation and that
makes her unpredictable
this isn't the only bad news either we
saw earlier that it took over 4 minutes
for wolf to cut through the girls
handcuffs and since the time of the
clock gets shorter in every round
we won't have enough time to cut our own
handcuffs off from this point on
that means we will have no other choice
but to play the game
fox and wolf should both vote against a
lion here because without her handcuffs
she's free from the game so there's no
risk to anyone
this seems like an obvious decision and
that's exactly why we can use it to do
something really unexpected
to win if i'm wolf here i would first
pretend
to vote for myself fox is most likely to
vote for lyon because she's free from
her handcuffs and
lyon is most likely to vote for fox
because he's an apple
once they've made their vote i would
reveal that i haven't actually chosen
yet
and look at their screens to confirm who
they voted for if fox has a single vote
i would tip the scales and give him a
second vote
ensuring that he gets executed the best
part about this strategy is that it will
help us win the next round too
because when there are only two people
left it's going to be much safer to play
against lyon
if she thinks she's free from the death
game then both votes can go to her
and this way we can both win and escape
with our lives the remaining players all
cast their votes and when the results
come in
they see that both wolf and fox voted
for the lion
hearing a whirring sound she panics and
they all realize that removing the
handcuff did nothing to save her
she crawls on the floor in terror and
suddenly jerks back
clutching her throat as she becomes the
fifth person to die
now there are only two players left in
the death game the timer resets itself
counting down from three minutes and
their handcuffs suddenly unlock
both men toss their restraints to the
floor and wolf insist
that they can both survive the next
round if they trust each other once more
and vote for themselves
but fox here mocks him the man points
out though with only two players
it's clearly too dangerous to vote for
yourself and he'll have to vote for his
opponent if he wants any chance to win
suddenly the screen starts flashing and
wolfe sees they're both getting hundreds
of votes from the viewers of this death
game
wolfe is going to lose and he realizes
there's only one way left to win
he chases after fox and brutally beats
him unconscious
that's when he has an idea and grabs his
own handcuff
pressing it against fox's neck and kills
him with it just before the countdown
reaches zero
he's the last player alive but to his
surprise the countdown restarts
he rushes to the tables and sees a new
round is in progress
this time the viewers are voting on
whether he should live or die
furious he punches the screen and breaks
one of the cameras and as the countdown
reaches zero
his judgment has finally come but what
do you think
how would you be judge let me know with
a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist for more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day